the two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
the two also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
this year marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the eu and remarkable progress has been achieved in the development of their relationship , hu said .
as a permanent member of the un security council , china will continue to make efforts for realizing peace , stability and development in the middle east region , li said .
chen haosu , president of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries -lrb- cpaffc -rrb- , said china and the republic of the congo , as developing countries , had cooperated with and supported each other in international affairs .
the people 's congress system is the fundamental political system of the people 's republic of china -lrb- prc -rrb- , the organizational form of the state power of the people 's democratic dictatorship in china , and the system of government of the country .
contents
vii .
the two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern during their meeting .
chen haosu , president of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries , said the desire of the regions of the two countries to establish links and carry out economic cooperation grows stronger along with the deepening of china - russia relations .
this year marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries . `` venezuela hopes to establish much closer relations with china and increase bilateral cooperation in areas of common interest , '' perez said .
the chinese side expressed appreciation for this .
the two sides also exchanged views on international issues of common concern .
chen haosu , president of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries , said the publication of eminescu ' works in chinese would enhance the existing amity and cooperation between china and romania , and further promote bilateral cultural exchanges .
the two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
chen haosu , president of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries , said that bilateral relations have seen steady development since the two nations restored diplomatic ties in 1972 .
he said that china and india have a long history of friendly relations but there were twists and turns between the them in the 1950s and 1960s .
sonia gandhi agreed with li peng 's view and said that the congress party of india will continue to make contributions to the improvement and enhancement of the ties between the two countries .
premier zhu rongji delivered a report on the outline of the tenth five - year plan for national economic and social development -lrb- 2001-2005 -rrb- at the opening of the fourth session of the ninth national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- here monday morning .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , met with visiting prime minister abdullah bin khalifa al-thani of the state of qatar in the great hall of the people here tuesday .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , and premier zhu rongji met with lukashenko respectively .
zhu muzhi , honorary president of the china society for the study of human rights , told xinhua friday that the defeat was the inevitable end of the united states ' long biased condemnation of other countries using the camouflage of `` human rights . ''
the chinese government firmly objects to any party engaging in activities aimed at splitting china on the excuse of the health issue , and to any country 's interference in china 's internal affairs , he said .
the heads of states will have a comprehensive and in - depth exchange of views on the building and development of the `` shanghai five '' mechanism as well as current major international issues . they will sign a series of important documents , zhu said .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of china 's national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- said that the npc looks forward to further strengthening exchanges and cooperation with the latvian parliament .
the japanese guests are here at the invitation of the china - japan friendship association .
tajikistan supports the chinese government 's efforts for safeguarding national unity and territorial integrity .
rakhmonov expressed his satisfaction over the rising trend in every fields of the bilateral ties and his sincere gratitude to president jiang and the chinese people for their political , economic and moral support to tajikistan in its hardest time .
he thanked tajikistan for its support to china on the taiwan issue , the battle against national separatism and other issues , and pledged china 's continued support to tajikistan 's efforts to consolidate state independence and revive national economy .
both chinese and macedonian people have earnestly hoped that bilateral relations would be back to the normal track at an early date .
the normalization will be a new starting point for the relations between the two nations , she said .
and the world is turning to beijing .
when members of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- cast their final votes for beijing tonight , the world demonstrated its trust in beijing and pinned its hopes on china .
in a rapidly changing world , it takes great courage , vision and insight to choose the best venue for a global event to be held seven years from now .
beijing 's winning of the bid to host the 2008 olympic games is another milestone in china 's rising international status and a historical event in the great renaissance of the chinese nation .
the spirit of the olympic games goes beyond political systems , ideological differences , cultural traditions and races , and is universally accepted and respected by the whole world .
the competition to host the games is one featuring comprehensive national strength , economic potential , technological power and cultural charm . it is a competition for national image and status .
today , beijing has won such trust .
china has a population of 1.3 billion people , and a market potential no investor can resist . beijing has exciting plans for the games ; moreover , its citizens have great enthusiasm for hosting the event .
the highest public support rate among the five candidate cities can be seen on the scrolls of signatures of chinese people worldwide that seem to stretch from the great wall to lausanne , and to athens .
tonight is also a night of celebration for the olympic cause .
allowing the olympic torch to light china is the best way to promote the globalization of the olympic games .
an olympic games in the world 's fastest - growing economy will create tremendous business opportunities , and will offer a rare chance for the ioc to strengthen its financial resources and to boost the world economy .
the cold war mentality , hegemonism and power politics have not exited the international stage , and the international strategic balance and stability are facing challenges with regional clashes breaking out one after another .
although the two sides committed themselves to a cease - fire not long ago , the conflict has never stopped and the situation has deteriorated even more recently , zhu said .
china 's support has encouraged the palestinian people and palestine will continue to strive for peace , he said .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- , met with a visiting delegation from the democratic rally of cyprus -lrb- drc -rrb- led by its president nikos anastasiades .
the delegation came to visit china at the invitation of the cpc .
president of the people 's republic of china
it should be commonly understood that the un 's authority must be safeguarded , and military intervention which brushes aside the un should be opposed , qian stressed .
eres - mogg is visiting china as the guest of the people 's daily newspaper .
he said he hopes that czech - china cooperative relations will continue to thrive .
on the taiwan issue , tuyaa said that taiwan is an inseparable part of chinese territory and mongolia will as always persist in the `` one china '' policy .
the delegation is here at the invitation of the cpc .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- , met with philippine president joseph ejercito estrada here today .
he said that the british government is willing to work with china to push forward bilateral ties .
achmad said that the indonesian government has attached great importance to developing the friendly relations with china , and indonesia 's navy will strengthen the cooperation with the chinese navy .
cohen visited the shanghai stock exchange this afternoon .
the three foreign ministers , guillermo fernandez de soto of columbia , rosario green of mexico and soledad alvear of chile , said members of the rio group attach special importance to political dialogs with china , which have been fruitful .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- , met with president antonio do espirito santo fonseca of cape verde ' s national people 's assembly -lrb- npa -rrb- here today .
he hopes that the relations between japan and china will continue to improve in the 21st century , and he promised that the japanese democratic party would like to make a contribution toward this goal .
the two sides reviewed the progress china and the united states have made in bilateral relations since the beginning of this year .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , also met with tung and his wife recently .
an early reunification of the motherland is the common aspiration of the entire chinese people , including taiwan compatriots .
zeng qinghong , alternate member of the political bureau and member of the secretariat of the central committee of the chinese communist party , and foreign minister tang jiaxuan were present at today 's meeting .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- , met with albanian president rexhep meidani at the great hall of the people here today .
thank you all .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- , met with prime minister jean - claude juncker of luxembourg and his party here today .
thank you .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress , met today with a japanese delegation of businesspeople and members of japan 's house of representatives .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress , met here today with a delegation of the foreign affairs committee of the danish parliament led by its chairwoman , helle degn .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- , met with a delegation led by matti kuusimaki , prosecutor general of finland here this afternoon .
it is hereby announced .
the chinese government attaches great importance to developing relations with african countries , including lesotho , and is willing to joint hands with lesotho government to push forward bilateral relations , the vice - president said .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- met with singaporean prime minister goh chok tong here today .
they exchanged views on issues of common concern .
since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries in 1972 , bilateral cooperation in various fields has seen satisfactory progress , chen said .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- , said here today that a powerful and stable china is of major importance to world peace , stability and development .
hu jintao , a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , met here today with christophe moukoueke , general secretary of the pan - african union for social democracy -lrb- pausd -rrb- of the congo .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , today met with former prime minister of pakistan mohammed nawaz sharif .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , today met with paule patton , governor of the us state of kentucky .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- , said here today that judicial cooperation is a major part of sino - russian relations , and that he hopes this cooperation will develop further . li made the remarks in a meeting with russian minister of justice valentin alexeyevich kovalyov .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- , presented a beautiful flower basket today to ngapoi ngawang jigme , a cppcc vice - chairman , in congratulations of his 85th birthday .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- , said here today that china places great importance on developing ties with poland .
ladies and gentlemen ,
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference -lrb- cppcc -rrb- , met here today with a group from the teo chew association of thailand .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , met with maysouk saysompheng , chairman of the laotian front for national reconstruction -lrb- lfnr -rrb- , and his party at the great hall of the people here today .
li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , met here today on separate occasions with the heads of the cuban , chilean and jamaican delegations to the ongoing fourth world conference on women -lrb- fwcw -rrb- .
the meeting proceeded in a cordial and friendly atmosphere .
race
in
yes
yes
one
a
union
no
no
nae
non
